Your Majesty, you don’t dare to drink, do you?
What is there that I don’t dare to do?
Your Majesty, should we ask Taiyi to take a look?
What if it’s still poison like last time?
Hey, don't worry, it was an emergency last time
This time it's not poison, it's definitely medicine
No need, I believe Wang Sui
My face turns red and my body temperature rises. It seems that this medicine is good.
What else could I go wrong with?
Yu Linlong, are you using this king to inspect the screen?
What's the matter? I had surgery before.
I don’t have anyone who has ever prescribed Chinese medicine.
You are not, God has a hateful man by your side
Fenghua again
What exactly is there
How can she be so cute? I heard
The princess put yellow face in the medicine
It must be intentional King Butterfly
Yellow is coming
I want to meet your princess